pressure on Reggie it's only coming from
his heads of battle with echo who's a
sub for the team and doesn't have a
communication there goes well throw
getting haunted so big aggressor in
there and cain puts himself on the back
side here comes a requiem from middle
they got to remember when that window is
open first blood goes to Reggie carpet
well then k egg the turret goes down
there's echo they're close enough it's
gonna be Chris coming in as well with
Stan United they try to pull this one
out of the trickery box but it looks
like they may get put back in odd one
goes down to that one as they throw it
down wild turtle is gonna get hit up
here trying to KY with the retro another
shot okay ain't the burn might be there
but he throws on a potion nice orbit
reception from echo got the double buff
on him he will have a good amount of
damage to come out of this fight still
Foxfire on to both sides neither of
these two champions can kill echo by
themselves which is why they are on the
run echoes dragon it's quite low Maple
Street on the outside throws in the
Flass they're gonna have some expunged
damage on this it goes to educate he's
able to get it the slight Wars go to him
once again and it looks like they may
try to activate someone who fight a
beautiful lantern out on the threat
express Dyer is taking quite a bit of
damage with the ultimate is on the flash
force from chris is the tongue and knew
that chance them just burned it to use
his dragon coming in out mrs. the wall
that gigantic log it looks like he's
going to continue to go in class is over
for the shadow thief Spirit fire someone
zones the fight but nobody gets the real
pressure on them wild turtle still has
it he gets the wild growth he's alive
requiem only doing a bit of damage the
ignite able to take down end came from
the hands of Tyrus I don't on the
outside but he's very low just trying to
get that alt damage inside dyrus going
around cold and meet and date the minion
clear so well here TSM divers going in
they find Maple Street Chris actually
misses his talk no refund there that's
gonna hurt shenzhen gauge wait for this
fight you can see Chris on the outside
only forced to stand united in but he's
gonna have to walk with his team here
ties still down you can see that the
crowd control isn't their velocity is
just being taken out a special on the
back side trying to help out with that
one but it's well turtle able to get the
last shot in going after Chris the
peacemaker to come out no that's um the
requiem to come down not gonna be enough
is to follow up there in all of the
flash but he hits the peacemaker here we
go the Tom and iris tires getting out of
that one they pull in Reginald is that
what they want kha'zix to assassinate
right on the outside the jumps
I knew about the jump is wasting cuz he
was already dead so anything forced out
to use his ultimate Requiem come down
and dropping echo that's two down for
velocity Reginald no longer to help in
the fight but it looks like TSM's able
to manhandle the base on this one and K
Inc trying to get back in for some more
damage plus 0 congratulations the TSM
going